- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi, I'm Yook Jun Seo.
- Are you free next Friday?
You're Lee Ui Yeong, right?
Oh my gosh!
Are you okay?
Aren't you hurt?
- Nice to meet you.
- I'm stationed in Gyodae.
I'm calling about a blind date...
Every single one of these
is a blind date request?
What's going on?
That's what I'd like to know.
Sorry?
[Episode 3]
Did I get hacked?
Was my number leaked?
My phone carrier issue?
No, the shopping site?
- Hello, nice to meet you.
- Who is this?
This is Yoon Bak.
My name is Yook Jun Seo.
I'm Lee Ho Kwang, I sing and act on stage.
When are you free this week?
Hello, Ms. Ui Yeong.
I'm Kim Do Yoon, your dermatologist's brother.
What's going on?
Hello, I'm Song Ji Hoon. Na Hyun's friend.
I showed him your picture
and he wants to meet you.
He teaches kids and he's popular.
- I'll give him your number.
- Wait a second.
Let me check and I'll get back to you.
I gave your number to my friend.
- Out of nowhere?
- I'll pass your number to him.
Okay, I'll look into it.
[Set me up on a blind date.]
[Hey, find me a good guy.]
[Paste]
[Don't you have any single guy friends?]
[Please set me up.]
Oh my.
I can't believe I did that.
I'm insane!
- I'm home.
- Yeah.
- Oh my goodness.
- My shoulders hurt.
Hey.
Yeah?
What is all this?
You were so excited
about wearing a hotel uniform.
Are you sick?
- You don't have a fever...
- Come on.
Mom, that's not it.
From now on, when I come home drunk,
turn off my phone for me.
Or just cut off my wrist.
Shouldn't we cut up your credit card instead?
This isn't just clothes.
It's armor.
Look.
What kind of armor
is this soft and fluffy?
Then what about this?
Is this camouflage cream?
Oh my gosh.
Don't even think about using it.
Just don't touch anything else.
If it hides your flaws
and boosts your confidence,
that's armor.
Okay.
It may have started as drunk texting,
but an opportunity is still an opportunity.
Even if it's just a one-percent chance.
I just need to meet them and
find someone who's right for me.
I'll look into it.
Ui Yeong, I can smell the alcohol from here.
- Let's grab a meal sometime.
- All of a sudden?
- I'll see what I can do.
- Are you drunk?
If I had someone to set you up with,
I would've dated him myself.
They're just empty words...
I'll look into it.
But I have a favor, too.
Can you book a wedding hall consultation
at your hotel for me?
Yeah, it's all about give and take.
Sure.
So when works for you?
[Hello, nice to meet you. This is Yoon Bak.]
Hello, this is Lee Ui Yeong.
How about this Saturday?
Nice.
[1:30 PM / Yoon Bak / 37]
[Math Instructor]
[Save]
[1:30 PM / Yoon Bak / 37]
Morning, Ui Yeong.
Oh, is one of those for me?
No, they're both mine.
I need both of these to wake up.
What? Didn't sleep?
You look pretty, though.
Why's your schedule so packed?
Wait... these are blind dates?
[7:30 AM / Lee Sung Jae / 31 / Designer]
Who goes on a blind date before work?
Yeah. That would be me.
I didn't really have a choice.
I don't have time.
Yesterday I was just
trying to clean up the mess I made...
but this isn't right, is it?
It's hard enough meeting one person.
And this feels kind of rude, right?
Well,
you're not in a relationship with any of them.
As long as you give it your best each time,
you've done your part.
Come on, just go for it.
And more importantly,
if you cancel now,
the blind dates will dry up.
You'll lose your matchmakers for good.
That can't happen.
[The premium whisky brand]
Starting mid-next month,
our hotel will be hosting
the 100th anniversary event
for the premium whisky brand Deerfiddich.
- Oh.
- Wow.
This big project lands right
when I'm swamped...
The event runs for three weeks?
Yes. We're planning a whisky exhibition
and tasting event as a pop-up
in the hotel lobby.
The brand has entrusted us
with the overall planning and operations.
If that's the concept,
what if we build temporary walls
and create more of a shop-in-shop feel?
Put up proper signage, bring in a bartender,
and recreate a whisky bar
you'd find in Scotland
right in the hotel lobby.
That sounds great.
Let's develop it in that direction.
Purchasing Team,
please find a vendor that can handle
the spatial design and setup.
- Got it.
- And Facilities Team,
we'll need your support
during on-site construction.
Say no more. We'll take care of it.
So... do we get a free drink out of this?
I'm counting on you.
[Purchasing Team]
Ui Yeong has worked nonstop this whole time.
Any time there was a problem,
she showed up and fixed it. Right?
Yeah.
Let's let her focus on
her own life for a while.
We'll put what we've learned to use.
You've got to prove yourself
before your internship ends, right?
Yes. I'll really give it my all.
Good.
- Drink up.
- Thank you.
[Attorney Kang Do Hyun]
Sae Byeok, are you free tonight?
- Let's talk for a minute.
- All right.
Want to grab dinner
and then start looking up vendors?
- Yes.
- Cheers.
You look great.
That looks delicious.
Hello.
What I realized
from going on blind dates was this.
The world is big,
and there are
so many different kinds of people.
Not a single one was the same...
not even similar.
Each person was completely unique.
- Each one was a universe.
- Hello, it's nice to meet you.
You recognize me, right?
I'm Yoon Bak.
[Yoon Bak, 37, Star Math Instructor]
You're done already?
Would you like another soup?
Already taking care of me?
That's some serious flirting.
Sorry?
I'm kidding.
I usually eat while meeting
with other instructors,
so I'm used to eating fast.
I see.
You must be really busy.
I heard your classes are extremely popular.
Is that what you're really curious about?
Or is it more like,
"Are you too busy to date?"
"Can you care about me,
not just your students?"
Well...
Is your schedule okay for meeting me?
Time is money to me.
But for you,
maybe it's silver... or even bronze.
And yet here we are,
focusing on each other.
If these interactions keep building up,
what do you think happens?
What do you think happens?
Well...
The ending's obvious.
You've passed as my girlfriend.
Sorry?
If you want dating, I'll take it there.
If you want marriage, I'll take it there.
So don't overthink it.
Just use me.
It's okay.
Any questions?
A man who flirts
like he's lecturing a room full of seniors.
I heard you're really into working out.
Are carbs okay?
Yeah, I exercise,
so I actually prefer eating a lot.
[Yook Jun Seo, 29, Rehab Trainer, Former UDT]
What matters most to you in a relationship?
Food.
If our appetites don't match,
you feel that every time you eat together.
What about you? Do you eat well?
Yeah, I love food. I'm not picky at all.
I've got tons of restaurants saved on my map.
Since we're talking about it,
we could hit a few spots today.
I'm getting excited already.
- A few?
- Yeah.
Tacos!
Bagels!
Gelato!
Dessert!
A second date with him
might send my stomach into shock.
Well... I was going to get the coffee today...
♪ Don't say that ♪
[Lee Ho Kwang, 36, Musical Actor]
Today, you've given me
a perfect day beyond price.
From now on,
you are my muse.
Your... muse?
Like Christine...
to the Phantom.
The Phantom?
Mr. Ho Kwang,
it's getting late,
so I should head out.
My place is right here. I'll go on my own.
♪ No ♪
I won't feel at ease unless I see you home.
I can sense
the dark intentions of men
circling my sunshine.
The man who called me Muse, Christine,
and Sunshine...
and tried to overprotect me.
You should probably go.
Seems like she doesn't want to
share her address.
Who are you, lady?
Why are you interfering between us like this?
Me? I'm her mother.
Jesus Christ...
Superstar.
Not superstar. Her mother.
You really don't listen, do you?
And sometimes,
after meeting my greatest rival in love,
things ended in total disaster.
♪ Mother ♪
♪ My mother... ♪
♪ Your mother ♪
Let us offer a prayer of gratitude
to Almighty God the Father
who brought us together.
[Prayer Guy, 32]
The guy who says Sunday is the Lord's Day
so even dating takes the day off.
Do you like drinking too?
You could just drink alone at home.
Why go out of your way to drink outside?
[Breakup Guy, 30]
A man who clearly isn't over
his ex-girlfriend yet.
It's fine if we have different tastes.
But what bothers me is...
Why pour the sauce without even asking?
I think that says a lot about you.
[Sauce Guy, 35]
A dip-it guy who can't tolerate
the recklessness of a pour-it-all-over girl.
- Please go out with me.
- Please see me.
- Please meet me.
Date me.
The problem was, out of all those men,
not one of them was my type.
Ms. Ui Yeong!
Please go out with me.
Ms. Ui Yeong, wait.
I love you!
Stop right there!
- Ms. Ui Yeong!
Ms. Ui Yeong!
When I said you passed, that meant I liked you.
Let's go somewhere even better
to eat next time.
Your mother has incredible charisma...
[Lee Eun Mi]
We're heading to the hotel now.
See you soon.
Oh no, I'm late.
Mr. Tae Seop.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
You said you'd call...
Don't tell me things worked out with that guy.
[Director of Animal House]
Hello?
Hey, you're actually getting married.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
It's nice having a friend who works at a hotel.
It's really no big deal.
Just so you know,
weekend consultations are fully booked.
I'm squeezing you in as a special favor,
so... don't go telling everyone, okay?
Don't worry.
Who else could afford a luxury hotel like this?
By the way,
you two have totally different styles.
We're different, but we work.
Back in college,
we were on a group project together.
Back then, she handled
all the work and presentations,
and I just sent her 100,000 won.
- And the result?
- An A-plus.
There's no one who trusted me more
and delivered like you did.
With all that competence,
how are you still single?
- Baby.
- Yeah?
Don't you have anyone
you could introduce her to?
You didn't even look?
I told you to check.
Hey, don't do that.
You're making him uncomfortable.
It's fine. I'm okay.
You're so clueless.
Ms. Lee Eun Mi, our bride-to-be.
Oh, General Manager.
I'm Eun Jeong Seok,
General Manager of The Hills.
Let's move to the banquet hall,
where I'll introduce you
to our wedding manager.
You can leave the rest to me.
Please take good care of her.
We'll make sure everything is perfect.
I'll see you later.
Ui Yeong.
Why are you here?
So... you were staying here,
checking out,
and ran into the General Manager?
What if people start talking?
Hey, the employee discount is sacred.
And besides,
if word gets around that
two consenting adults had sex,
that's the ridiculous part, yeah?
Beats me.
But honestly,
meeting people just isn't fun these days.
It's always the same pattern.
You meet, exchange names,
eat, sleep together, and that's it.
I can't see them a second time.
Maybe I need a new obsession or something.
I kind of see what you mean.
When I said you passed, that meant I liked you.
And when I said you could use me,
that was a sign of interest too.
But
if you keep seeing them,
wouldn't feelings start to grow?
They're all decent, accomplished guys.
How long are you supposed to wait?
Hey, if they're decent,
don't string them along.
Let them find someone who's right for them.
If it's not working for you, saying no is
the polite thing to do in the blind date. Okay?
I'm sorry.
I don't think we're the right match.
I hope you meet someone great.
Your mother has incredible charisma.
Outside your home, I could be your umbrella.
Though on a sunny day like this,
you wouldn't need one.
I suppose this is where our story ends.
♪ The end ♪
If you can end things, you can get ended too.
That's just how blind dates are.
You're right.
- Hello.
Hey, you've been good?
Don't fight.
Seoltang!
Hello.
Thanks for coming on such short notice.
Seoltang even got a nice bath.
You look so pretty.
Be happy and loved in your new home,
okay?
Yes, thank you.
[80, Geumyeonghwa 22-gil, Paju-si, Gyeonggi-do]
We'd like to cancel the adoption.
May I ask why?
I'm sure this wasn't a snap decision.
In the photos,
she looked like the dog I used to have,
so I felt attached.
But in person, she's kind of different.
Bigger than I expected.
And her fur's not that great.
Was it raised outside?
It's not carrying any diseases, is it?
Watch what you say.
It's not like animals understand us anyway.
They do.
They can tell from our faces and our tone
whether we're happy or upset,
whether we like them or not.
Someday,
I hope you go through
what Seoltang went through today
and feel that heartbreak yourselves.
Because I don't think you'll ever understand
until you do.
- What did you say?
- Let's go.
Hey. Let go.
What did you say?
Say that again.
Where are you?
- Please don't run.
- Yes.
He's a scammer.
Wait.
Mr. Song, are you okay?
What's going on?
You young people!
A dog isn't a toy!
Adopting a pet should be done carefully!
And responsibly!
What kind of crap is that?
"Crap?"
Sometimes animals are better than people.
Come here, come here.
Seoltang, are you okay?
Who is this old guy?
- What are you doing?
- Are you alright?
Did you just hit me?
What?
I'm already pissed off.
Say it again. What?
So what do you want me to do?
I didn't expect to be summoned
to the police station.
I thought
you'd handle this more like an adult.
Still, our teamwork was pretty good.
You look quiet, but you've got a temper.
And you hold grudges.
It hadn't even been five minutes,
and they were already returning her.
I just lost it.
Five minutes is harsh.
This isn't something to brag about.
I really wish people would
stop breaking records like this.
I know.
Oh no.
You've got a dog allergy, right?
I could keep her for now
and take her back to the shelter this weekend.
If I take my meds, I'll be fine for a few days.
I'll keep her.
Alright then.
Seoltang,
maybe you're headed somewhere better, huh?
That's my phone.
Sir, I heard my friend made a reservation.
You even came in on your day off.
That's another brownie point for you. Thanks.
You're welcome.
You're waiting on a call?
Yes. From Ms. Ui Yeong.
Well, as the matchmaker,
I do have some responsibility.
I should probably tell you this
in good conscience.
About Ms. Ui Yeong...
I know she's going on other blind dates.
I saw her with another guy.
You even saw?
And you're still waiting?
Well... she said she'd call.
And it's not over between us.
Is that confidence?
Or are you just clueless?
If I see her one more time,
I think I'll know for sure.
Oh, man.
Well...
A matchmaker's just a matchmaker.
Not Cupid.
Then...
Run into her one more time.
Sorry?
What do you mean?
Think of it as warranty service.
That's how hotels work, right?
For some, it's a workplace.
A place they have to stay eight hours a day.
For others, it's somewhere
you drop by for a meeting
or a cup of coffee with a friend.
So... just happen to run into her
one more time.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
This is the hotel you work at...
I'm just here to meet a friend.
Since we ran into each other like this,
want to grab a bite together?
Why am I holding her hand?
Ms. Ui Yeong?
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Ms. Seoltang...
What do I do?
[Purchasing Team Conference Room]
HOME is a brand
that's been getting a lot of buzz lately
among people into home styling.
[Vendor Portfolios]
They've also done cafe remodels like this.
We're not playing house.
We've worked with Homage plenty.
Let's just go with them.
Of course Homage is great,
but this looks impressive too.
Why don't we get proposals from both
and decide after reviewing them?
That's more work for us.
Do we really need to go that far?
Making sure the space turns out right
is part of our job too.
Let's request a proposal.
Should we give them about two weeks?
Even a rough draft is fine. Make it one week.
One week might be...
a bit tight.
Then let's make it ten days.
If you're going to decide
everything yourselves,
why even ask me?
I'll contact Homage.
You handle the rest.
Okay. I'll reach out to HOME.
Oh, right. Sae Byeok.
Since she found the vendor,
why don't we let her handle the contact?
I'll send the email,
and she can take care of
the detailed communication.
Want to give it a try?
Yes. I'll do it.
[The Hills & Deerfiddich Whisky Brand Pop-up]
[Designated Bid Proposal]
[Your email has been sent successfully.]
Done.
- Sae Byeok.
- Yeah.
Now that the email's sent,
give them a call and let's head out.
Okay.
- Great work today.
- Good work.
- You head home early too.
- Yes.
Hello, this is Lee Eun Ho from HOME.
Hello,
this is Sim Sae Byeok
from the Purchasing Team at The Hills.
I just sent you an email.
I see.
- About the pop-up?
- Yes, that's right.
[Ms. Hyun Min, HOME checked the email
and will get back to us.]
- Isn't she that intern?
- Who?
You know, Do Hyun's...
- Oh, that intern.
- Yeah.
Interns these days really know
how to make work interesting.
Tell me about it.
Attorney Kang,
may I speak with you for a moment?
No, stay seated.
Enjoy your drink.
Thank you.
So... have you given it some thought?
Yes.
I feel uneasy about Ms. Ui Yeong,
and right now,
getting a job is my top priority.
I'm sorry.
I've been rejected like this before.
Back then, I had nothing to offer,
so I just backed off.
But things are different now.
I can buy you meals,
I can support you with
what you need for employment.
You should think about
what would benefit you more...
To be honest,
it's actually put me at a disadvantage.
I haven't even had the chance to prove myself,
but people at the company already recognize me
because you said you liked me.
The project I'm handling this time...
I'm going to give it everything I've got.
Please help me focus on my work.
I'll get going now.
Do you need more support frames for the legs?
[The Hills & Deerfiddich Whisky Brand Pop-up]
We'll simplify the frame
and use straps instead.
[We would like to propose your company
as a designated bidder.]
Hey, Lee Eun Ho. Did you see the email?
- Which one?
- The Hills pop-up.
Yeah, I saw it.
But I was going to turn it down.
Our schedule's already tight,
and you hate pop-ups anyway.
All that work for something temporary.
Yeah, I do hate them.
But we're doing this one.
Doing what?
You don't have to.
We've got plenty to do already.
No.
- I want to do it.
- What?
Where are you going?
The hotel. To check out the space.
Right now?
You're really doing this?
Yeah.
I was planning to go today anyway.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Yes?
I heard back from Lee Eun Ho at HOME.
He said they want to participate in the bid.
Really? That's great.
I felt bad dumping all the work
on you and Hyun Min.
I'll treat you both properly next time.
So this is the place.
I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
I'm okay, thanks.
I'll see her again... right?
I need to take this call. Go on ahead.
Okay.
Hello?
Is this Ms. Lee Ui Yeong's phone?
I got your number from Ms. Eun Mi.
This is Kim Su On.
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
Sorry for calling out of the blue.
Are you free tomorrow evening?
I heard a lot about you from Ms. Eun Mi.
She kept saying how nice you are.
I wasn't expecting much looks-wise...
You're very beautiful.
[Kim Su On, 35, Family Business Owner]
Thank you.
I heard
you and Mr. Ho Jin
have been friends for a long time.
Yeah, that punk...
It's been about twenty years already
with that guy.
We should go on
a double date sometime, the four of us.
Right?
So what are your parents' hobbies?
My parents' hobbies?
Yes.
My mom has been doing yoga for a long time,
and my dad used to enjoy fishing and camping,
but these days he doesn't really...
I heard your father works for the railway.
Yes, that's right.
And that you live separately
because of his job.
Well, not just because of his job.
It's my parents' situation,
so I don't know everything,
but they've lived apart since I was young
because their personalities
and values are very different.
So are they divorced?
No, not divorced.
- Separated.
- I see.
Well, that's a relief.
"A relief?"
You seem like someone who grew up very loved.
Honestly, I never would've guessed
if you hadn't told me.
So tired.
Oh, Eun Mi.
Hey, I heard you met Su On today.
How was he? Isn't he kind of interesting?
He sure knows how to say
boring things with confidence.
He's just honest.
You know what he told me?
He usually likes girls from happy families,
but he wants to see you again.
What does that even mean?
I heard your parents are living separately.
Why didn't you tell me?
I never hid it.
You don't have to share everything
to be friends.
The point is,
he wants a second date.
That means it went well.
Oh, and he's wondering
if your parents are financially prepared
for retirement.
What?
Why would he want to know that?
Well, it's good for you to know too.
It doesn't have to be detailed.
Just a simple yes or no.
He's asking way too much.
I'm hanging up.
[Dad]
I can't just call my dad
and ask about retirement.
Mom?
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Don't stay up too late on your phone.
I'm not a high schooler anymore.
Good night.
Yeah, this really isn't right.
My parents' retirement?
I dated just fine
without knowing stuff like that.
I don't think Mr. Su On and I are a good match.
Tell him for me, okay?
Alright.
What's this?
I still have something with the tag on.
Nice. I can return it.
Oh my, that's a lot.
- By this week.
- What?
Get it done by the end of the week.
We said we'd get proposals
from the vendors, right?
Let's just review Homage and be done with it.
Sorry? Why?
It's a waste of time.
When would we review all that?
Honestly, we were going with Homage anyway.
They just did that to give you the job.
Let's not make things complicated.
Then I'll just check with Ms. Ui Yeong first...
You're saying you need Ui Yeong's approval
for what I just said?
No, that's not what I meant.
Sorry.
- Ms. Sae Byeok.
- Yes.
Handling situations like this
is part of the job.
I'll make sure this proposal
turns out perfect on my side.
Just wrap things up cleanly
so the other vendor doesn't make a fuss.
Yes, understood.
[Conference Room]
Hello.
I'm Oh Man Joong, CEO of Homage.
Even your business card looks impressive.
We successfully wrapped up the exhibition
at Place Hotel earlier this year,
and what was the other one... last week?
Oh right,
the Bella Museum.
As we mentioned in the email,
our exhibition will focus on objects.
So we just need to build some showcases.
Let me show you the jewelry store opening
we did at New World Department Store in 2017.
Yes.
Here it is.
Next is the delivery schedule.
Construction needs to be completed at least...
Miss?
We're not some small-time shop.
We've done pop-ups like this in our sleep.
You think a company that collaborates with
city halls and department stores
can't meet a deadline?
Of course, but
we just need to confirm the process...
Ms. Sara, show them the proposal.
Yes.
Oh wow, already?
Wow.
You prepared something this detailed
in such a short time?
We'll use lauan plywood
to bring out the vintage mood of a whisky bar.
Some of the wood surfaces
will be finished with Formica
to highlight Deerfiddich's signature color.
Such high quality in so little time.
Professionals really are different.
What do you think, Manager?
Looks good.
It looks so classy.
- Thank you for your time.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for coming.
- This way, please.
Thank you so much, Mr. Oh.
And you look very stylish today too.
You're too kind.
If your schedule allows,
maybe we could grab a drink.
Hey, Sae Byeok.
Have you scheduled the meeting
with the CEO of HOME yet?
Actually... you know...
I heard back from him...
but...
due to internal reasons,
there's been a change of plans,
and they said they have to drop out.
Drop out?
After the project's already underway?
So that's why you looked down earlier.
You worked hard on this.
That must be disappointing.
It's okay. This happens sometimes.
Yeah.
Still,
I'm just glad we get to work with
such capable people.
Yeah, don't worry.
Okay.
- Let's wrap up.
- Okay.
Is this exhibition flow too complicated?
Oh, I like it.
Yeah.
Looks great, but...
we're out.
What?
We haven't even had the meeting yet.
Got a cigarette?
I quit a long time ago.
It pisses me off that
they just canceled over "internal reasons."
Usually they at least say
the budget didn't work out.
This is just plain disrespectful.
They probably already had a vendor lined up.
That excuse is way too obvious.
If that's really the case,
maybe it's better things ended now.
You stayed up for days
trying to match their plans, didn't you?
Want to get some air?
Yeah. Let's take Sua out for a bit.
- Good work today.
- Thank you.
Hello?
Guess you didn't save my number.
This is Su On.
I asked Ms. Eun Mi to tell you
I wanted to see you again.
Did Eun Mi not pass along what I said?
Are you free after work?
I've got something to take care of.
I happen to be near your hotel.
Oh, really?
Yes, I'm available.
Okay.
I actually brought this to return...
Ms. Ui Yeong.
That outfit looks really good on you today.
Pink's not easy to pull off.
Thank you.
Mr. Su On,
I heard you were asking
about my parents' retirement plans.
Yes.
Why?
Well... this is just my opinion, but
we're not meeting with marriage
in mind right now,
and my parents' retirement
is something for me
and my parents to figure out.
It's not something you need to plan for.
Oh, I see.
That's fair.
Don't worry about it.
Let's change the mood a bit.
How about a bottle of wine?
Okay.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
Can we have a cheese platter
and a bottle of wine?
This one, please.
- Lee Jeong Woo?
- I'll bring that right out.
[Shin Ji Su]
Oh right...
If it's Lee Jeong Woo,
he should have a tattoo on his neck.
I heard you can drink pretty well.
What's your actual limit?
Well, it depends on what I'm drinking.
For wine... maybe a bottle?
That's way more than me.
I guess I'll have to pour you a bit more
to keep up with you.
Yeah.
Excuse me,
I need to use the restroom.
Sure.
Excuse me.
This might be an odd question, but...
are you by any chance a twin?
No, I'm an only child.
Oh... sorry about that.
If it were twins,
wouldn't the last names match?
Huh?
I'm Shin,
and the person you know is Lee.
Right, that's true.
It is you, isn't it?
Lee Jeong Woo.
What are you doing here?
Isn't it obvious?
- I'm working part-time.
- I mean why are you here?
Another blind date?
You really want a relationship, huh?
What?
You kept going on about dating last time too.
The guy's not bad.
He's got eyes, a nose, a mouth.
He dresses well too.
Just your type.
And what exactly is my type?
Good luck.
But if you end up not liking him,
just do this.
Like this. Send me a signal.
Okay?
Hey...
What is wrong with him?
Well...
Mr. Su On,
I think we should move somewhere
more comfortable.
Oh, okay.
Do you have somewhere in mind?
No place in particular.
Anywhere's fine.
Just not here.
Anywhere is fine?
Sounds good.
Let me use the restroom first.
Sure.
What is wrong with him...
Ms. Eun Mi told me
she turned down the second date.
She's nothing special, and she turns me down?
I just called her out because I was bored.
You know what really killed the mood?
She came out with the tag still on her clothes.
If I take the tag off for her,
does that make her mine?
Beats me.
Yeah.
She wants to move somewhere more comfortable.
Where should we go? A nice motel?
It's slippery.
Sorry about that.
What?
There's no water here...
Let's go.
- What are you doing?
- I'll explain outside.
- Hey, let go.
- What's going on?
Mr. Su On, it's just...
Ui Yeong,
looks like your taste in men has changed.
You...
You shoved me on purpose
in the restroom, didn't you?
Do you know him?
No, I don't know him. Let's just go.
You're really leaving?
- I know how you feel.
- What?
You came because
you wanted to see me, didn't you?
What's wrong with you?
I couldn't sleep or eat because I missed you.
Look at me. Don't I look thinner?
Hey.
So you were using me.
What?
Unbelievable.
You act all classy,
but your situation with men is a mess.
Who's the real mess here?
You hit me?
Hey, stop!
- Stop it!
- Darn it.
Stop...
- Are you...
- What's going on?
Are you okay?
You pushed me first.
Oh gosh.
I'm sorry.
I'll take you home.
Why would you take me home?
You had wine.
First you interfere,
then you act like you care.
Make up your mind.
Is there some reason for this?
Tell me so I can understand.
Well...
You tucked your hair behind your ear.
I thought it was a signal.
That you wanted me to rescue you.
Do I look that pathetic to you?
"Why does she live like this?"
"Why is she so desperate for love?"
That's what you think, isn't it?
That's not it.
But you know what?
You're even more ridiculous.
So funny I can't even laugh.
You're fake.
The blind date was fake, your name was fake.
And someone like you thinks I'm ridiculous...
Why wouldn't I find you ridiculous?
How long are you going to keep following me?
Until you calm down.
What's with him?
Just go now.
[The Seagull]
Here.
What is this?
My name's not Lee Jeong Woo. It's Shin Ji Su.
I'm an actor.
I'm twenty-nine.
I went on that blind date for someone else
because of a situation.
And the reason is...
I can't tell you.
I'm not curious about your story.
Even if I knew, it wouldn't change anything.
Just take it.
It's basically my ID.
I just didn't want to be
completely fake with you.
I don't understand you.
I don't get why you want love that badly.
But
I've never once looked down on you.
Okay. Just go.
Wait.
What?
What did you just do?
Well...
You had something on your back.
Please come see the play.
I'll get going then.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Why haven't you been answering?
Are you outside?
Are you okay?
Your voice sounded really off.
I even canceled my PT session and came.
I'm not okay.
Two guys got into a fight because of me.
It was a total mess.
I was too scared.
What did you even do on that blind date?
You look really pale.
I told you.
When you rush into things, it backfires.
Like after a hard workout...
- You should rest...
- Seung Jun said
after you push your body too hard,
- you have to rest.
- You take a break before the next one.
That's how you avoid getting hurt.
- He said it's the same with your heart.
- Are you some kind of blind date pro?
When I give you advice, at least listen.
[Lee Hyun Ju]
[Are you still open to blind dates?]
So I decided to take a break
from blind dates for a while.
I wasn't giving up.
It was more like crouching down
to build momentum for later.
Guys,
let's call it a day.
- Huh?
- Sorry?
You've been covering my workload too.
Today's on me. For everything!
That's awkward.
- Does it look okay?
- Yes.
Sae Byeok!
- Did it really not hurt?
- Not at all.
Shouldn't you go first, Ui Yeong?
You were worried about your dark spots.
You know maintenance is everything, huh?
This is super popular these days.
I'm kind of scared though.
Go on.
Please take good care of her.
It really doesn't hurt at all.
Wait, wait!
Hold on, hold on.
That feels amazing.
So nice.
- Did you like it?
- Yes.
Ui Yeong, you are the best.
[Dad]
[How have you been...]
How have you been?
I was working on something else recently,
and you came to mind, so I'm reaching out.
Stay healthy.
But what needed to be set straight,
had to be set straight.
I definitely told him
you turned down the second date.
So what, he just pretended not to know
and called you anyway?
If you told him, that's enough.
He's kind of weird.
Are you okay?
- You're not hurt, are you?
- No.
He didn't shove me.
He pushed one of the staff members.
I was startled at the time, but I'm fine now.
Hold on a second.
Did you know about this or not?
You two have been friends
for twenty years, right?
Don't screw this up,
unless you want your engagement called off.
Yeah, I just heard all this from Ui Yeong.
[Tasting Event]
What are you talking about?
Are you sure?
Where are the parties involved right now?
They're in the lobby.
- Team Manager.
- Ms. Ui Yeong, just a moment.
Ui Yeong!
Have you seen this?
[Pop-Up Exhibition at The Hills Seoul
Accused of Using Copycat Design]
Copycat design?
Someone needs to take responsibility
for what happened today.
We sincerely apologize.
I will make sure this is resolved.
I'm very sorry.
[Pop-Up Exhibition at The Hills Seoul
Accused of Using Copycat Design]
[Is Its Credibility at Risk?]
This is bold.
And this was from last year?
The tip came from the PR team at the museum
where the event was held.
We've stated that we were unaware,
but we can't say we're free of responsibility.
It looks like there was already
a similar dispute before.
Didn't the Purchasing Team vet the vendor?
You didn't go ahead with it
knowing that, did you?
What do you take us for?
Of course not.
Weren't we supposed to get a proposal
from another vendor as well?
They had a strong portfolio.
The vendor withdrew midway.
It seemed like an internal issue,
so we didn't press further.
We didn't drop them.
Even if we take a loss,
we need to move forward with the event.
If this ends like this,
the hotel's reputation
could collapse overnight.
If the brand raises an issue,
we'll have to compensate them anyway.
We're better off taking control now
and resolving this ourselves.
Then take responsibility and redo it.
Sales and Marketing Team,
don't worry about the budget.
- Got it.
- Purchasing Team,
can you find another vendor
to handle the spatial design?
We'll make it happen.
Since the schedule's changed,
we'll also reach back out to the vendors
that were planning to bid.
Mrs. Na Ri...
Hey.
What is this? This is embarrassing.
- You said you'd handle it yourself.
- Sorry.
We'll take full responsibility.
That startled you, right?
Stuff like this happens
when you work long enough.
I'll try to persuade them again.
Send me the phone number of HOME's CEO.
He's not going to take your call.
Actually, they didn't cancel the meeting.
What?
I canceled it.
What do you mean?
Why would you do that?
Mrs. Na Ri said...
said we should just move forward with Homage.
She said she'd take responsibility.
So I thought I should wrap things up
on my end first...
What?
And Homage copied HOME's work.
You gave me a chance and I blew it.
I'm so sorry.
This is a complete mess.
Hello?
Is this CEO Lee Eun Ho?
Yes, it is.
Hi, this is Lee Ui Yeong
from The Hills Purchasing Team.
I've been trying to reach you,
but I couldn't get through.
Oh, really?
Well, if it's The Hills...
I didn't take the calls on purpose.
I saw the article.
I was curious what kind of amazing proposal
made you cancel our meeting.
Turns out it was a direct copy of our work.
You must've been very upset.
I'd like to speak with you about that.
Are you at the office right now?
Even if you come, you won't see me.
I'm heading out now.
Then may I ask where you're headed?
I can come to you.
You're going to chase me down wherever I go?
Fine. I'm heading to Chuncheon.
Why don't you try coming there?
- Alright, let's go.
- Hello?
Let's go.
He's definitely still inside.
He answered the phone.
Did he really just leave?
I don't even know where he is.
I can't just track him down.
[The Seagull]
[Invitation Exchange Voucher]
This is for today, too?
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you to everyone for visiting
Meru Arts Center today.
The performance will begin shortly.
- Hey.
- Oh.
You seem more nervous than usual today.
- Waiting for someone?
- No.
Just a friend.
- A friend?
- Yeah.
Food and beverages, including water,
are not permitted inside the theater.
For everyone's comfort,
please turn off your cell phones
and all electronic devices.
You're welcome to take photos
during the curtain call
after the performance has ended.
I really came
all the way here.
A mountain is a mountain,
water is water,
and I...
I'm just the worker.
Catch me if you can!
- Be careful!
- No!
Hello.
I'm Lee Ui Yeong. I called earlier.
Excuse me?
Sir?
Sir.
Sir...
Oh my!
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
So sorry.
My phone...
Mr. Tae Seop?
What are you doing here?
Ms. Ui Yeong?
Did you come to see me?
What? Me?
No, no. I'm here for work.
Don't tell me... you're...
- I'm the CEO of HOME.
- Oh, you are.
So you're the CEO of HOME...
What?
[A one-percent chance?]
[An opportunity is still an opportunity.]
[Today's to-do: Blind date]
[Tomorrow's to-do: Blind date]
[I guess this is where our story ends.]
[Ms. Ui Yeong]
[Ms. Seoltang]
[I just didn't want to be
completely fake with you.]
Why are you here?
Oh, a shooting star!
Hurry. Make a wish.
If Ms. Ui Yeong's okay with it,
let's have her stay the night.
I kept waiting, thinking maybe you'd show up.
How about tomorrow night?
- Ms. Ui Yeong.
- Oh...
It's a basketball comic, so how about a game?
If I win...
You didn't come to apologize. So tell me.
It's pouring outside!
Ms. Ui Yeong!
How do you want me
to remember you?